set visualbell
set noerrorbells

map ]g <Action>(GotoNextError)
map [g <Action>(GotoPreviousError)
map gh <Action>(ShowErrorDescription)

set ideajoin

# IDE/vim handler config
# Copied from UI config
sethandler <S-CR> a:ide
sethandler <C-Pageup> a:vim
sethandler <C-Pagedown> a:vim
sethandler <S-Left> a:ide
sethandler <C-Left> a:ide
sethandler <S-Up> a:ide
sethandler <C-Up> a:ide
sethandler <S-Right> a:ide
sethandler <C-Right> a:ide
sethandler <S-Down> a:ide
sethandler <C-Down> a:ide
sethandler <C-2> a:ide
sethandler <C-S-2> a:ide
sethandler <C-6> a:ide
sethandler <C-S-6> a:ide
sethandler <C-A> a:ide
sethandler <C-B> a:vim
sethandler <C-C> a:ide
sethandler <C-D> a:vim
sethandler <C-E> a:vim
sethandler <C-F> a:vim
sethandler <C-G> a:vim
sethandler <C-H> a:vim
sethandler <C-I> a:vim
sethandler <C-J> a:vim
sethandler <C-K> a:vim
sethandler <C-L> a:vim
sethandler <C-M> a:vim
sethandler <C-N> a:vim
sethandler <C-O> a:vim
sethandler <C-P> a:vim
sethandler <C-Q> a:vim
sethandler <C-R> a:vim
sethandler <C-S> a:ide
sethandler <C-T> a:vim
sethandler <C-U> a:vim
sethandler <C-W> a:vim
sethandler <C-X> a:vim
sethandler <C-Y> a:vim
sethandler <C-[> a:vim
sethandler <C-]> a:vim
# Custom
sethandler <C-V> n-v:vim i:ide
